\section{Context} \label{sec:context}
% Cite RS-232
% Cite Ethernet

Modern process control systems include advanced features which were virtually
impossible to implement even two decades ago. For many years now, industrial
processes have been managed by specialized control hardware such as \textbf
Programmable \textbf Logic \textbf Controllers ({\bfseries PLC}). In the early
days, PLC's were very limited in terms of performance and \textbf Input/\textbf
Output (I/O) amount, so when a process to be controlled was too complex,
dividing it into simpler parts was needed. This way, a single complex process
was automated by independently automating different parts of it. This was done
by giving each part its own dedicated controller and then creating some sort of
communication between them. Because these controllers were very simple, such
communication had to be limited to just a couple of I/O signals between PLC's
or very limited digital communication channels like RS-232. This created a
major chokepoint on the amount of information that could be shared between
controllers within the same process, ultimately posing hard obstacles to
development and troubleshooting of such systems. If somehow these controllers
could share more information, not only development and troubleshooting would be
easier, but it would also make these complex control systems more adaptable,
allowing the development of even more complex automation systems.

With the emergence of digital communication networks, some businesses started
to look into ways to bring their power into the industrial automation world.
Such networks, as they were, provided far more information throughput than the
legacy I/O signals but at the cost of reliability. Automated industrial
processes are, a lot of times, critical systems and these need a reliable and
deterministic control. Although simple, the legacy I/O signals provided a
reliable and deterministic communication channel, but digital networks such as
\emph{Ethernet} do not, especially when it is comprised of more than two
devices. As such, in order to reliably replace the communication mechanisms in
industrial environments, modifications needed to be made.


